Add easier PG setup for local development (#11)
flowforge/flowforge-dev-env: README.md

### Pull latest for each repo
```
find . -name .git -type d -execdir git pull \;
```

## Auxiliary services

### PostgreSQL

By default FlowForge uses SQLite for development. Given production systems do not
tend to use SQLite but PostgreSQL (PG) it's advised to run PG for development too.
As prerequisite, one should install PG on their own system.

> To use PG as development database ensure `packages/flowforge/etc/flowforge.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use PG as development database ensure `packages/flowforge/etc/flowforge.local.ym`
```

> has `postgres` set as database type. The host can be set to an **absolute** path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has `postgres` set as database type. The host must be set to an **absolute** path
```

to the root `flowforge-dev-env` repository with `data` appended. For example:

```yaml
db:
  logging: false
  type: postgres
  host: /path/to/flowforge-dev-env/data
  port: 54321
```

Than run `npm run init` to setup your database.

Start the server by running `postgres -s -D ./data/pg -k $(pwd)/data -p 54321`
from the root directory, and keep the terminal window open. Just once you'll

> need to run `createdb -h $(pwd)/data -p 54321 flowforge`.

Reviewer 2: This works, but it's not as clear as it could be, took me a moment to realise i needed 2 terminals
